Attachment FullReview.md added.You have 3 new messages.

Skip to content
Using centrus.ai Mail with screen readers

3 of 25
(no subject)
External
Inbox

Jack Melluish
Attachments
1:07 PM (3 minutes ago)
to me




Sent from my iPhone
 One attachment
  •  Scanned by Gmail
bsml b
00:00:00 Speaker 1
Good.
00:00:02 Speaker 2
I was like, good, thank you. Crazy but good.
00:00:06 Speaker 1
How about you? I can't relate to that. It's a crazy period, but it's exciting. We're starting to travel quite a bit with customers in the UK, but also other markets. And I am spending a lot of time with the supply chain, getting new products onto the pipeline, which is exhausting and exciting at the same time. So now I'm planning a trip to China to kind of define if I can bring between five and ten new products for next year. So it's just a it absorbs a lot of energy, but it's also cool.
00:00:57 Speaker 1
So all things with you guys.
00:01:01 Speaker 2
Very much the same boat. All consuming but very exciting. Centris is doing really well. We've got the revenue not quite where we want it to be. I think we're doing about four thousand a month right now, which is good, but it could be better. The problem we had with scaling the business model was that I was the bottleneck, developing all the agents for the different customers, and only charging fifty or a hundred pounds a month. There was only so fast the revenue could grow. I was the bottleneck for it. What we've done, which has been a bit painful over the last couple of months, is that I've basically just been building the infrastructure, which we're calling the agent builder. So we can give it to our customers, and then they can literally describe the automation or AI agent they want, and then it just builds itself.
00:01:55 Speaker 2
It takes me out of the loop. Really cool. We're just in the final stages, and hopefully getting that launch the next couple of weeks, and that should be really nice. We've got quite a few customers in the waitlist for it, and then hopefully that's going to free me up to drive the revenue side a bit more.
00:02:16 Speaker 1
Everything else. Just to do. You can only do everything else after that. Life is going to be so much easier.
00:02:24 Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah,
00:02:25 Speaker 1
It's good. I think it makes perfect sense. I think we talked about this almost a year ago now. You were always going to be the bottleneck because you are the most valuable. Or calling you a thing is a bit weird, but you know what I mean in the business. It's inevitable. If I were you, I would have called the agent builder. I would have called him Jack. That would be so cool. A lot of Manso. Jack two point oh.
00:03:12 Speaker 2
Auto Jack.
00:03:16 Speaker 1
That would be really cool.
00:03:17 Speaker 2
So I mean, that's why it's really cool, right? It's actually the. And we've bought on a Ukrainian development agency as well to work with us on developing it, and it's just gone a massive way from a month ago. If I was run over by a bus, Centrus probably dies within a matter of weeks. Fast forward, in a month's time, if my shares went back to Chris and the others, they could probably continue driving the business, making improvements. So it's actually quite a big.
00:03:48 Speaker 1
It's amazing.
00:03:50 Speaker 2
It feels like a bit more of a real company.
00:03:52 Speaker 1
You're really concerned about buses. It's an analogy you love buses.
00:03:57 Speaker 2
Isn't it?
00:03:57 Speaker 1
Just the yeah. I tend to take a slightly different approach. If I get hit by a bus, well, fuck it, I don't care anymore. I know, I'm joking. I see what you mean.
00:04:13 Speaker 2
It feels like a real company.
00:04:14 Speaker 1
It's crazy. It's nice. I was crystaling.
00:04:19 Speaker 2
Boy's ill at the moment. He's just been on holiday. I think he's caught a bug going out there. Not too well. But in the long run, in the grand scheme of things, pretty well. He's just moved to Bristol with his partner. They bought their first house, so really cool. That's a big step. Huge. Obviously at the moment, centris we're just taking a thousand pound a month out right now. So he's just in limbo right now. We just need to really. There's no reason why we can't double it now. The average customer's paying us five hundred pound a month. We just need we've got a great product now. The agent builder we know how to position it. We've got case studies. We've got customers that are willing to fight for us. So it's just get our heads down, sell it, and hopefully we're doing some decent revenue by the end of the year.
00:05:08 Speaker 1
Ultimately, now that you have the market fit, you just need to sell. There's no other way. But that's the sad thing about selling: nobody else is going to do it for you. Maybe you can use your customers. You can use other people. But it's something you gotta drive. There's no way out of it. You're going through the trajectory I told you would go through. So I wasn't too far off, was I?
00:05:47 Speaker 2
Everything's happened as you said. It's just taking a little bit longer than we thought it might.
00:05:51 Speaker 1
But I have the same fit. I'll tell you. I've been in the business now for a year. And I sometimes get the same feeling like now we're starting to get some customer trials, a bit of traction. We haven't really grown the revenue that much in the last 12 months, and so sometimes I get into that thinking like oh yeah, well what have I done? And then I did the exercise of writing down a list of the stuff that had been done in the last 12 months, and it's unbelievable. I mean, I don't have to.
00:06:30 Speaker 1
Use a lot of imagination or not imagination at all to know that it's the same for you. Imagine August last year, all the stuff that has changed that you drove in the last twelve months, and then of course more revenue. Who doesn't want more revenue? But reality is that if you lay the foundations well, it doesn't matter if it takes you an extra six months to lay the foundation, then things will just come naturally. So I wouldn't punish myself on the timing too much, especially like I've seen you emit some pieces that were kind of a few months apart every time, and for what you described, the difference is stark. Now you're talking about customers paying you 500 quid a month on average. I remember a year ago that was double what he would charge in a year.
00:07:29 Speaker 1
There you go, it's crazy. The difference is unbelievable. I don't think you need it, but if it helps in any way, I can tell from the outside that you're far from static.
00:07:46 Speaker 2
Appreciate it. When you get the day today, it's important to zoom out sometimes.
00:07:56 Speaker 1
I'm telling you this because I've gone through the exact same thinking and process, mental process, a couple of months ago. A week or so ago, we got the forty-one thousand. Because you kindly updated the page of the website, the forty-one thousand. Those two ISO certifications are massive. There are huge companies that don't achieve that. And we achieved the full three ISO certifications, which are the golden star and standard of quality in Europe, in nine months. I've never heard of a company that has done it. A company of our size, and it was so many, probably 250 hours of work just to get it ready for it. And I'm talking about my work plus everyone else's. So it was crazy, but we did it.
00:08:52 Speaker 1
Did it bring any revenue? So far it only burnt me 15 grand, but I can guarantee you it will bring a lot of revenue the next five to ten years. Every time we speak, I try to get the same feeling that I had the first time. You guys have, and I told you the very first time we met, so you know it's absolutely a case like you guys have something really cool in your hands. The one thing that I was curious about: How are you coping with every day? You look at ChatGPT and traffic and kind of cloud getting into all companies. But how are you? Are you positioning? I'm just curious. If you don't want to share, it's absolutely fine. But I'm just curious because that's.
00:09:47 Speaker 1
That's probably the, I would say probably the biggest threat in terms of positioning and perception that you might be facing. Is it the case? Is it not? I'm just curious more than anything.
00:10:03 Speaker 2
It's definitely something to be concerned about. The main long term moat we have is the focus on the facility service angle. The industry domain expertise, how we've tailored the platform, how we approach it, the use cases that we show. It's not so much that these things can't do it. For some of the basic use cases, it's just that people don't know that they can do that. They don't know how to set it up. If something goes wrong, there's no support. You can't pick up the phone and call Sam Altman, which is the line I use on all the calls.
00:10:42 Speaker 2
You can pick up a phone and call ChatGPT, and I'll answer. And I can talk you through it. In a way, that support line is almost as valuable as the.
00:10:54 Speaker 1
Product. That's a good point. Very good point.
00:10:57 Speaker 2
And it can do everything that they can do. Because obviously we're just implementing them through the API, so it's the same model under the hood, etc. And we can just build things on top of it that allow you to actually work better for you. It's more about the connections into things, where our value sits, rather than sort of being the model itself doing the different functionalities. It's like, oh no, hey, we can plug it into your big change for you. Into your SimPro. You wanted to do this in your document, and we can just set it up. And with the agent builder, we've just built. Obviously, allows them to do that themselves. And we can just input like.
00:11:41 Speaker 2
Provide a lot more examples, use case training around the actual field. What's valuable for a field service team? What are our com customers using it for? It's switched a bit more to that side. It would be really interesting to do a value proposition workshop again now.
00:11:56 Speaker 1
It'd be very different.
00:11:57 Speaker 2
It would just be me and Chris. It would be good.
00:12:04 Speaker 1
That is very clear. It's clear that you have faced this question because, believe me, you've answered this. I am not the first person to ask you this. That's very clear. But I think you are absolutely right, and it's not dissimilar to what we do because we compete with large, massive distributors of PPE. They can do better pricing, but they have that you have this product, you like it, then no problem. We customize, we service the product, we develop.
00:12:39 Speaker 1
That's where they just can't get us. They cannot get us because what we serve is huge for us, but it's too small for them. So in a sense, we have the same strength in the face of much bigger competitors. They are not as deep into the details as we are in our respective businesses. It's fascinating. We're kind of running similar journeys in front of them. It's very cool.
00:13:14 Speaker 2
Definitely is something that I've spent quite a bit of time thinking about because yeah, what's the real sort of long-term moat, and what's protective? It's difficult because when you run the timeline out five, ten years, and you see what they're doing, the thing that robotics is getting very. I don't know. I follow quite a bit into robotics as well. I've just got my Raspberry Pi. I'm doing some pretty cool thing with actual physical automations now, like crossing my code in to do things in the real world. But explored some really cool projects like AI powered RC cars like that. That's me doing that, which is pretty scary. The guys that are funded are probably doing some really crazy stuff for robotics right now.
00:14:04 Speaker 2
These engineering companies I'm speaking to. When I go and train the lads, they also like we're safe from AI because obviously we're doing the engineers changing the boilers. I could probably give me if I lock me in a room with a month, I could probably build an AI robot that could change a boiler right now.
00:14:26 Speaker 1
That's what I mean. It is the most advanced space you play in now. The more you're subject to that, you have no clue what the hell is going to come out in five years, and it could either pivot completely your attention or it completely destroy you. My gut feeling is you, and I mean this with the greatest respect, but you're a bit of a nerd of technology. You love it. It's very clear.
00:15:03 Speaker 1
Which tells me, in the adoption curve, you're certainly on the early adopter side, which means you have always had, but you've certainly gained a lot of business argument in terms of connecting the technology and the business. At the example you just gave on Boeing, you can certainly see, I'm playing with a Rolls-Royce, and I have this year's case. Let's put the two and two together. That should shield you from the dangers a bit because you are among the ones that will adopt it in the earliest phase. The challenge you will have maybe two years from now or a year from now is that you will become. So let's say now there's five of you. You are twenty percent of the workforce. In a year there will be ten of you. We will be ten percent of the workforce.
00:15:59 Speaker 1
And you'll still be the most important person in the business, but you will become, you will go from being 100% down to zero point something, and you can't control the others, and you can't see all of the customer, and you can't see all of the market inputs that you get. What you need to think about is how do you build that sales engine so that it keeps feeding back the product line? And I'm seeing similarly. For me, it's much less of a problem because our life cycle is 15, 20 years. But I am seeing this now. Now I visit customers. I know what their challenges are. I can go back and design the product. I'm the same person. I saw the problem and I designed the product. But even a year from now, I will not see as many customers, and I will still be in charge of the design of the product.
00:16:54 Speaker 1
And after that, I will hire someone to design the product. The two will go; they will grow further and further apart. And I will have to keep them together somehow. For you, this is hugely more relevant because technology moves so much faster than gloves. It's unbelievable. It's business-wise an incredibly fascinating problem.
00:17:18 Speaker 2
That's a really interesting perspective. Just on that sort of basic principle, you can see how a lot of these companies grow and fail really well in one location, get to three or four locations, crash. There's been a few. They've done it in Harlow. Quite interesting. But man, it's good.
00:17:40 Speaker 1
Sorry for. It's only sorry. Apologies if I took a lot of your time. It's just that it's.
00:17:46 Speaker 2
And it's good to catch up.
00:17:47 Speaker 1
I just get very excited about this stuff. It's charming and very intriguing and interesting. I'm into it.
00:17:56 Speaker 2
Good. Keen to get onto the website.
00:18:01 Speaker 1
Oh yeah, I thought we would have a quick thing so that I can make sure that everything that I sent you in a text was crystal clear. I'm sharing. Let me know if you can see when and when you can see my screen. Yes. I don't know if you recognize this page. So basically, I guess there are mostly three elements. I would say the most basic one is basically adding the three languages to the text that is on your website. Like very simple, this I think you got very easily. The second one that I was thinking is when we have multiple language.
00:18:48 Speaker 1
Then the problem that comes with it is that you are handling the well, the website is relatively easy, but then you have all of the content that clearly needs to feed the website in multiple languages. So one of the things is that clearly we need to be able to add content in the different languages because then you'll have the different languages. And the second thing that I was thinking to simplify our lives in a sense, but also make the user experience better, is to basically say, okay, English is the default language. If something is missing in German, for example, like a technical data sheet or even the product information, even if I'm navigating in German, if German is not available, it will default to English. So that as a minimum.
00:19:44 Speaker 1
It gives us a parachute. Everyone sees something. A minimum in English, and from a language perspective. I'm navigating a couple of pages. I took the only one that is in white and doesn't have the information. At the moment we have the technical sheet and the manufacturer's note, which I'm still building. There are available based on the language that I'm navigating the website on, and the DOCs that are available in all the languages. What I was thinking is, especially considering what I said before, let's say I'm navigating this in German, and for whatever reason I still don't have the technical datasheet in German. If I can download the technical datasheet in the five languages.
00:20:39 Speaker 1
Regardless of what language I'm navigating the website on, I'm basically proof safe that everyone. Worst case scenario, they will go off. There's no German. I'll go English. You know what I mean? And this applies to basically the technical sheet and the manufacturer's note. I want to be clear. I don't need the complexity or the extension of the D O Cs. That was kind of that is legislative thing. So it's a required twenty three. It's a it was way more complex. It just simply kind of access to all the files. And the other thing that I was thinking was now the blog. When I'm doing a page in the blog.
00:21:31 Speaker 1
I am basically creating the same page in multiple languages. Otherwise, it will not show. What I was thinking is, if I create the blog post in a specific language, then I can say this is available in English and Italian. This is available only in English. You see what I mean? So basically, we don't have to create the same piece of content five times. We only create it once, or if I want it in five languages, I do it five times. But if I don't, I only have it in the language that I created it in. Am I making sense?
00:22:17 Speaker 2
First of all, so obviously with the blogs, you're either going to write them in English, or English in Italian, or English Italian Spanish, and all the others. If it's just in English, or if they're browsing the website in Italian, we've got a couple that are all the languages. They would see them, and then the ones that's just English, they'd still see the blog, but it would just say only available in English, and the title of that blog is going to be English. The other ones would be in Italian next to it.
00:22:49 Speaker 1
That's what I had in mind. Let's make a practical example. Let's say that this one, the left hand side, is only available in Italian for whatever reason. So if I'm navigating the website in English, I would still see the blog poster, but here I would have a flag or whatever indicator that basically says Italian, and then I can either click on it, and this will show in Italian. Whereas this one is available in English and Italian, so it defaults into the language that I'm navigating. But it's also like I can go into Italian, this will flip into Italian. You see what I mean? But I can see all the ones that are available in multiple languages. But I can only and this is because I will struggle to create as much content in French, German
00:23:44 Speaker 2
And Spanish. Do you think I could quite easily get you to set up an OpenAI account, and then the new models are fantastic at translation? If you just typed it up in English, and then we could just translate it into the other languages automatically. It's gonna be nine. If you're a fluent Italian speaker, you might go, that sentence reads a little bit strangely, but we can. You can easily have it in every language straight away.
00:24:16 Speaker 2
And then if you want to review the language and make refinements, which personally I think after seeing a few generations in GPT, you'd be quite impressed. And we could write every blog in English, press auto translate, and then we can get it to generate the other four straight away.
00:24:37 Speaker 1
That would be pretty cool. So what you're suggesting is basically that either automating it or not, the translation effort is actually a lot lower than I'm assuming it is. Am I hearing you well?
00:24:58 Speaker 2
Yes. And for example, if you switch it back to English, you could copy the entirety of that blog page. If you just click into one, that command A, command C, and then you could open up a ChatGPT chat and just say to it. Send me this back in Spanish, and it's going to do a pretty good job. They've just released the GPT 5.6 models, which quite a bit of their focus was spent on improving the translation. Before it was pretty dreadful.
00:25:37 Speaker 1
You actually made me. You actually made me think about it.
00:25:42 Speaker 2
The whole point of a blog, what really is SEO. So if people are searching these different terms, Hanlin's going to show up. So if someone searches the term in Spanish, ideally we're going to put a blog out there and we're going to target Spain. Let's get a blog up.
00:26:00 Speaker 1
No. I first of all thank you. That's the kind of validation or check in that helps me.
00:26:09 Speaker 1
Post this reflection. Scrub my comment on this. You're right. This will improve the standing of the website. Also, I am looking at some industry specific platform that will potentially do the translations. So scrap the comment on the blog then. Going back, I guess what we need to do is translate the text of the website and make the backend so that we can input the stuff in the different languages. And basically, the only other thing that I would say would be very beneficial is
00:27:07 Speaker 1
Is to basically for fuck's sake I kept breaking them.
00:27:12 Speaker 2
But if I just put another drop down on the technical sheet, one same one, and it just shows all available languages, and defaults to the language they're browsing on if available, otherwise English.
00:27:25 Speaker 1
That's exactly what I had in mind. Perfect. So basically, for the translation of the website, I remember as you mentioned last time, you sent me thirty six pages in English, and I created the one in Italian. I think that's absolutely fine. I can send those back. What I think would be needed is you share the file, I send it over. Once it's uploaded, I just have to.
00:28:00 Speaker 1
Be able to screen the pages. Last time, for example, we were looking at a product that had very few. There was maybe one filter that didn't translate for whatever reason, and it could well be that I missed it in the text. It's possible. So basically, just checking that everything is okay. I will ask someone who speaks the language to proofread it for me. That's what we need to do. As I said, my idea was to add three languages. I have no clue what extra level of effort. The main bulk
00:28:41 Speaker 2
The main bulk of the work is going to be in the actual translating it and reviewing it, as you said. Once I send you that, the list will have the title in English there and then the Italian version. And you just delete that and replace that. Obviously, just going through that page takes a long time. Obviously, you could use ChatGPT with it. The only thing is, we're doing it with that. It's a little bit difficult because, on there, you want to keep the character lengths relatively similar. And you just chuck it in, paste it out. You're going to spend a lot more time. It's difficult. It depends. Where do you want to do the work? Do you want to do the work properly at first, or do you want to spend a lot more time reviewing it afterwards?
00:29:23 Speaker 2
And making amendments, like with the blogs, it'd be perfect. There's no problem, but with the website text, it's just a bit sensitive.
00:29:33 Speaker 1
But no, I see what I mean.
00:29:36 Speaker 2
That work quite a bit. For my side of things, it won't take much. The marginal effort to drop in three languages or four languages is negligible. It's just the review time.
00:29:53 Speaker 1
And I assume that if you, if we do it, so let's say we do four languages, or we do three languages, and then we need to add another, adding one and after, we're basically doing the same job again. Whereas doing now, it's going to be much less.
00:30:16 Speaker 2
Pretty much, it will take me the same amount of hours. With margin, doing one now and then one later would be double versus doing almost two now.
00:30:25 Speaker 1
That is.
00:30:29 Speaker 2
This is the burden. The burden shifted onto you to work, produce four or five lots of translations and review four or five lots of translations.
00:30:40 Speaker 1
One of the reasons why I wanted the default to be on English is that it's mostly on the products. The default to go onto English and the datasheets and the manufacturers know what's available and know what the language is available because that allows me to buy time effectively. It won't take a day. It will take a couple of weeks to get all the translation of everything. But once that is done, if I'm Spanish, I will.
00:31:17 Speaker 1
Get the frustration of the products that are not translated yet, but I can solve that two weeks from now. That's very clear in terms of scope. Is there anything that you are unclear of? From my side, translate all of the website, and then make sure that we can input the stuff in the different languages in the admin portal. The other piece is the datasheet and the manufacturer note available in the language, and making English the default for everything that is not specified. That's literally what the visa. I thought about it very intensively. I can't really think of anything else. If you see anything that I should be thinking about, please let me know.
00:32:16 Speaker 1
News, and I can't think of anything else
00:32:24 Speaker 2
I think that's good. You're crystal clear on that one, so just let me know when you wanna kick it off, and we can do it. That's all good. And then in terms of other bits, not really, nothing to jump into mind. I think the biggest thing is when you're using it and other people using it. Really, and you're having conversations with the customers that have been on the website. Oh yeah, hey, I was on it. That's when things just naturally come up. And obviously, just keep adding them to that improvement side on it as well. Any, but I think the blog generating AI translation would be nice because that will serve the purpose for SEO. It doesn't need to look pretty. It needs to have more words on the page, which that will do in the different languages. That's a good move.
00:33:16 Speaker 2
Potentially, we could look at implementing the same thing for the products, like on the creation bit on the admin. I can put it there and obviously test it, and then if you like, put a product on. If you generate it, and it's a lot of rubbish, either give me some feedback or we'll leave it. But that'd be quite nice. You just do the same thing as the blog, rather than adding it up in multiple languages. You could just put 'yep,' generate like AI-generated Spanish. It just pre-fills it, and then you can just review it.
00:33:45 Speaker 1
And for my understanding, would that require an ongoing subscription?
00:33:54 Speaker 2
We set you up an OpenAI account. It's really affordable and it's not a subscription, which is good. It's like pay as you go. So if you put twenty pounds of credit on there and you were just doing translations, it's hard to estimate. But I'd probably say you'd get a thousand translations for your twenty pound. Probably that's underestimating it as well.
00:34:14 Speaker 1
Interesting. In terms of your development effort, what would that include this piece?
00:34:29 Speaker 2
Maybe like half an hour. I'm just so used to working with it.
00:34:32 Speaker 1
Make it look so simple. I'm trying to think.
00:34:43 Speaker 1
Limitation is that I haven't seen it, so I don't know how it behaves, and I don't want to make you go through the effort.
00:34:55 Speaker 2
I mean you can literally test it if you like. Open up. You got a ChatGPT account.
00:34:59 Speaker 1
Haven't you? Free one at the moment.
00:35:03 Speaker 2
Perfect. So it might be probably I don't know what model they make available the free one now, but you can literally just copy a blog post and just ask it, hey, translate this to Spanish. Or if you've got a friend in one of the other languages who you wanted to review, whatever the language you wanted to add, send it over to them and say, hey, can you read the English one? Read the Spanish one. How's the translation?
00:35:27 Speaker 1
Well, okay,
00:35:30 Speaker 2
Interesting. And then it will literally be doing the same thing. I've heard really good reviews about the translation of GPT 5.6. I don't know if that's on the free one.
00:35:42 Speaker 1
Doesn't tell me any more which one it's using.
00:35:48 Speaker 2
I think they are trying to move more to that idea.
00:35:53 Speaker 1
You're reading through it very quickly. It's certainly, as you said, like if you're a native speaker, but for probably phrases slightly different, but it's very minor.
00:36:13 Speaker 2
The biggest thing is you're going to get the impact right from. It's sort of like effort to reward, like that's very low effort, and it's hopefully going to increase the ranking on the people searching in a native tongue. There's a good chance we start matching a bit higher on Google. There's not really a downside to it because obviously, really, if you're going to spend the time to generate it in Spanish properly, like realistically, it's probably just not going to get done. Versus generate ten blogs and then potentially hire someone on Upwork for a couple of hours to review all the blogs. All just spent like get Spanish guy. Hey, here's ten Spanish blogs. You just tweak them for us.
00:37:00 Speaker 1
I think you're absolutely right. It sounds like, especially if it's a kind of pay-as-you-go, paper use type model. Like if I don't use it, I don't pay for it. So I think it's actually a pretty good idea. I think that would be helpful for vlogs and products. I don't see other stuff needing that. Like, there's nothing else to need to do.
00:37:38 Speaker 2
They're the ones at volume, or blogs, obviously, volume of words and products, volume of quantity. And fields.
00:37:45 Speaker 1
And in terms of, if I put a product, I can either decide to input the stuff myself or have it translating.
00:37:59 Speaker 2
So the way I envision it, if you just fill out the English version basically as normal, and then when you go onto the screen that says Spanish, there'll be a little button up there that just says 'prefill from the generate with AI from the English version,' and just click that, and then it will populate all the fields.
00:38:16 Speaker 1
Though, just from the tech itself, it's so cool that we can do it.
00:38:22 Speaker 2
It's unbelievable that you know if. Five years ago, that would have taken you know. You said to me, 'How long would that take me?' I said, 'Two minutes, like thirty minutes to an hour.' If someone was to build you that five years ago, you're paying. It's a lot of hours. It's not thirty minutes.
00:38:41 Speaker 1
That's fine. I think it's a great idea, but that's also part of the reason why I wanted to chat. You do this a lot more than me. Just you come up with this stuff, and I wasn't aware. That's fine. So I think on the scope we are very, very clear. As a quick summary, you send me the text. If you can extract it both in English and Italian, that would be helpful because I can mark the difference. I know where the text is. I provide you with the language that uploads the website's text is in all languages.
00:39:21 Speaker 1
That's number one. Then number two, default everything that is not present in any language into English. Dropdown button for technical data sheets and manufacturer notes, so that whatever language is available, we can add. And input on the admin in different languages with the translation for product and blogs. I think that's it and I can't think of anything else. That's perfect. In terms of what you were mentioning on the message, you estimate it will take about ten hours. That's absolutely fine. My thought was.
00:40:20 Speaker 1
If we take a margin of error, and instead of ten hours, we say it's going to take fourteen hours, so it's an extra forty percent of what you estimate, and we just lump sum it to that. Are you comfortable enough? Because what I don't want to go into, if we can avoid it, is uncertainty. And you have full control of what's going to take, and on the premise that we're not going to touch what we discussed in terms of the scope, if we buff it up. If you're great and it takes you three hours, fantastic. You can make a lot more in three hours, and I'm more than happy to overpay on your estimate, but basically shield myself from potential problems.
00:41:17 Speaker 1
Believe it or not, that's also part of my thought. If you set ten hours, I'm pretty confident it will take you seven or eight, because that's how you normally operate, in my opinion. That's an extra cost that I can justify, and I'm more than happy for you to take a bit more. So if in that lump sum of seven hundred, you are comfortable, then I would suggest we do that, so you potentially earn a bit more, and I'm shielded from any risk, and we may be both happy. What do you think about that?
00:41:57 Speaker 2
Pretty much exactly what you just said is completely true. I'm very confident it's going to take me seven to eight hours to do all these bits. The only bit I'm scared about is that I can't have the goalposts moving, or I need to be insured against the goalposts moving. Just because my time now with Sendrus, I really want to get on the sales. So I just didn't do that much when it happened before. So it put me out because I couldn't go and earn money or turn to places. It felt like the end of the world. But right now, I just can't be in a position where I'm working for free.
00:42:38 Speaker 2
If you're confident, this is very clear scope. I can't see the Cowboys moving, other than coming in at last minute. We add in Romanian as long as nothing that happens. I'm more than happy. I'm not. I'm not going to be greedy either. I'm more than happy to do it for five hundred for the fixed price for ten hours. I'm not going to try and make more of you by doing it fixed or anything. That is how long it's going to take. That's how much I'm happy to do it for. It's just if anything, no. We had another new language. I just wanted to make that clear that I had a bit of a. Hey, yeah, that Romanian is going to take me another four hours.
00:43:21 Speaker 1
No. So I and that's also the reason why I kind of wanted to make sure that everything that I could think about in terms of scope was absolutely clarified. What I can do is to talk it out. I'll send you an email. I'll go through every page of the admin to check, double check that maybe I didn't think about that. I'll make sure that everything is clear.
00:43:58 Speaker 1
I did think about this. I completely understand where you're coming from. Certainly, no intention to. That was not intention. Not even last time. But it certainly happened. The scope here is naturally much narrower.
00:44:15 Speaker 2
Yeah,
00:44:16 Speaker 1
Infinitely narrower. And my like. I just can't think of stuff. Can you think of other stuff? I just can't. In that sense, I think it's going to be a lot more difficult to just go out of scope. And if at any point it does happen, we will know exactly because we said, okay, we're going to do three languages.
00:44:54 Speaker 1
I've done all of the work, and now you say, 'Oh, I want another language. It's great. It's another five hours. Charge that X, and it's going to be this extra if you want to do it.' So I think that's more than fair.
00:45:07 Speaker 2
Definitely. On that basis, I say I'm confident it's going to take me seven to eight hours, a little bit back and forth, couple of calls. I'm more than happy to do it for five hundred. I feel that's fair. Any more would kind of feel like I'm taking a piss. That's fair. I'm happy to do it for that, and if anything starts creeping, we could jump on a quick call and run through it.
00:45:29 Speaker 1
That's. I'm just trying to think whilst we talk. I'm trying to think of anything that I haven't thought about. I looked at this from so many angles. I looked at the industry posts, all content that is done in the back, in the admin portal. The career is done in the admin portal. The PPE standards is done in the admin portal. The PPE standards might be worth having the auto translate as well. This actually talking about stuff that I that we didn't think about. Let me open the so product we talked about. This not impacted.
00:46:20 Speaker 1
We just need to add the languages. Career industry is the same. P R. These are all the same. Declaration. I don't think there is anything to be done here because it's already. I don't want any more languages than this. And user, it's fine. I can't think of anything else. Jack. And perfect.
00:46:50 Speaker 2
Awesome. I'll get those bits over to you. I'll start putting them together. If you could just send it an email so we got it right and that perfect. I got it all there. Absolutely. I can refer back to it. Make sure I get you everything over.
00:47:04 Speaker 1
We should be good to go. Perfect. I'll try to work through those translations as quickly as I can. It will take a while. Do you need them all together? Do you need one by one? Because naturally, I will do them in sequence. Will it help if I do them?
00:47:29 Speaker 2
The biggest thing is just keeping it in the same format that I send over to you. Like just kind of replacing the names, and that will make it so I can just drop it straight back in then. If it comes back like completely jumbled up, it's not a problem. It will just take me a little bit longer to unjumble it.
00:47:47 Speaker 1
That's not going to happen. I think when we did it with the Italian translation, did I do anything that made it more difficult for you?
00:47:58 Speaker 2
I think there was a couple of bits where you highlighted some bits red and yellow, and other bits were just a straight swap of the translation. I think it was where we went back and forth on a couple of bits, but yeah, just a straight swap in the translation.
00:48:12 Speaker 1
That'd be perfect. That's fine. Awesome. Thank you, Jack. I'll send you a note with everything we discussed. If there is anything unclear, let me know. And more than happy and very excited to crack on with this.
00:48:32 Speaker 2
That's about. Have a good day. Thank you. We'll speak soon. You too, Jack. Fantastic. Bye.
Luca_Handline_Call-transcript.txt
Displaying Luca_Handline_Call-transcript.txt.